it's it's art you know it's not just
advertising or and I think having my
studio in the gallery is important
because people see actually how it's
done and they see that it's actually
labor-intensive there's a lot of process
involved in getting to the final product
and I just really like it I like in my
hands dirty and I like I don't know the
digital stuff just feels so cold and
sterile to me I mean when I see
something that's been printed by hand
I'm like I get excited about it
gaghe poster art is what I know so I do
have a lot of that and I'm trying to
branch out as much as possible and since
I've just I only opened a few months ago
I'm just kind of trying to feel the
waters and see what's out there so I
started out with gig posters and now
finding that people are doing screen
printed movie posters again and then
there's just straight-up art prints and
so the sign-in number where that comes
in is that you know when when you do in
addition of prints you sign and number
them indicating that it is a limited run
which most people a lot of people I mean
a lot of people understand that
bring it screen it it's just another way
we can show people how this is done and
you know that even the most shirts you
wear are screen-printed so they're all
printed the same way and every month we
offer a different design on a screen
that you can print on to either a shirt
or a bag or something that you bring in
yourself and we'll print it for five
dollars the design and it'll we only
print that design for that month so when
the months up we we clean out the screen
and start over with a new design just
seemed like you know it was kind of a
perfect fit because the rock posters and
records store everything kind of goes
together so kind of felt like it was
like a perfect match
I get a lot of positive a positive
reaction from people and it's really
nice like they say there's nothing like
it which is nice like I don't want to be
competing with someone else or or
getting into their territory or anything
so it is quite a bit like specialize
like you know it's pretty specific
things so I am trying to branch out a
bit with different kinds of prints and
stuff so
and also if artists are print makers and
they have a show I'll put you know if
they have paintings or their other
artworks or their whole body of work not
just prints